Option 1: Manual Cookies
Behavior: Uses the provided cookies directly
Message: "Using provided web cookies..."

    node src/cli.js webcupid95625 --following \
  --webAuthToken "your_auth_token" \
  --webCt0 "your_ct0_token" \
  --out following.json

Option 2: Automatic Cookie Extraction
Behavior: Extracts cookies from your existing Chrome session
Message: "Falling back to web authentication..." → "Attempting to extract cookies from existing Chrome session..."

node src/cli.js webcupid95625 --following \
  --out following.json



✅ Yes, the system automatically gets new cookies when Twitter changes them!
Here's exactly what happens:
Scenario 1: Invalid/Corrupted Cookie File
    System tries to load cookies from file
    File is corrupted/invalid → "Failed to load cookies from file"
    Automatically falls back: Extracts fresh cookies from Chrome
    Saves new cookies: Updates the file with valid cookies
Scenario 2: Valid File but Expired Cookies (401 Error)
    System loads cookies from file successfully
    Makes API call with cached cookies
    API returns 401 (Unauthorized) because Twitter changed cookies
    Automatic recovery: Calls refreshCookiesFromChrome()
    Gets fresh cookies: Extracts new cookies from Chrome
    Retries API call: Uses the new valid cookies
    Updates cache: Saves new cookies to file
The Complete Flow:
    1. Try cached cookies from file
    ↓ (if file invalid/not found)
    2. Extract fresh cookies from Chrome
    ↓ (if API fails with 401)
    3. Refresh cookies from Chrome
    ↓
    4. Retry API call with new cookies
    ↓
    5. Save new cookies to file

Key Benefits:
Automatic Recovery: No manual intervention needed
Always Works: Even if Twitter changes cookies frequently
Efficient: Only connects to Chrome when necessary
Persistent: Saves working cookies for future use
So yes, when Twitter changes cookies and the API fails, the system will automatically detect this and get fresh cookies from your Chrome session! 🎉


## Example 
node src/cli.js webcupid95625 --kind tweets --out result.json
node src/cli.js webcupid95625 --following --out following.json
